You're going to be okay kid, you're going to be okay

[Intro: Claret Jai]
Is everything not enough?
What more can I give up?
Is there anyone that I can trust?
I give you my all and you still take from me

[Verse 1: Royce]
Always been the type of dude that'll feed my clique, I know that without the fans
I ain't shit but y'all better read my lips, I don't spit raps this ill
For you to just hack and steal and leak my shit, so peep my drift
I hope y'all don't think you're helping me out with that shit that shit stressin' me out
Nickel nine is blowin' up, Christmas time, you should hang my album
On top of your fireplace cause around that time, my stockin's goin' up
Feels like a victory, bittersweet, cause the bigger I get? The bigger the wedge
Between the relationship of me and my bigger bro, hear what I said?
Feels like the shit just switched on me, everything I do for the nigga, and the nigga know
I would do anything for him, but the nigga refuse to just quit straight shittin' on me
Keepin' your distance? Probably best if you don't wanna fuck with me
But you know me probably best, fuck pity You want that? You know it's Laila Alis' chest
Tough titty, the problems, you got a problem, you think I'm already set
So I'mma look down on you? Just be proud of me, you already got my respect
I ain't gonna say something I regret so I'mma just stop, chasing the pain
Let you deal with the fact we don't get along cause I got a big face in the game
Sometimes I feel like fuck my life, I fuck with a few niggas that I know that
If my chick was a Shady ho? Niggas wouldn't think twice 'fore they fuck my wife
Guess that's the difference in friends and associates, I done been broke
I done been through the motions, I don't pay no attention to birds, I use my scope and I tend to the vultures
No one ever blows up your phone just to talk, I don't make money just to loan it to y'all
Tell a nigga that and you wildin' it's dialin' 'em and then talking to a hole in the wall
Please look at these expenses, these niggas expensive, if I gotta lend you money every time
I see you just to be your friend bitch, I don't really need your friendship

[Hook: Claret Jai]
Is everything not enough?
What more can I give up?
Is there anyone that I can trust?
I give you my all and you still take from me
I give and I give and you take and you take
And you just walk away without nothing to say
You just take from me..ay ay
You just take from me..ay ay

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I live in a bubble, I struggle with the fame
Trouble is the pain grows double, give a fuck what you say
When my music you take so subtle, just to give it away
To people who don't even appreciate flows, mothafucka I'm livid today
Cause I break my back to give you my art
You steal my thoughts, it's like driving a spike through my heart
You might not think it's a big deal to steal from me but music is all I got
Aside from my daughters, not to sound like a martyr
But it's getting harder than I thought to not just go crazy
Trapped in this house, I'm about to just snap
Am I not deserving of what I got, did I not work for it?
Put it all in every record I record, well then please tell me why on this Earth
Lord does it keep happening, I keep rapping
But I wonder sometimes is it worth all the bullshit
Cause it feels like a down there ain’t no gettin up from
But I won't let it get me down, I won't succumb I'm anything but bum so fuck 'em
They'll appreciate me when I'm gone, they say it was ill, right?
The way I kill mics? But the way I feel right now?
It just feels like I'm so done with this shit, I may as well wipe
I have nothing else to give you, nothing left to contribute
Farewell I bid you, but before I go, my last gift to you
Ladies and gentleman, Slaughterhouse I give you!

[Hook]